happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One
small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was
special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few
hours' time by Mrs. Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the
milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and
pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn't know that at this very moment,
people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and
saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter the boy who lived!"
HP 1 - Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone
CHAPTER TWO
THE VANISHING GLASS
N early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their
nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The sun
rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the
Dursleys' front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly
the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news
report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed
how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of
what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -
but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a
large blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a
computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The
room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.
Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long.
His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise
of the day.
"Up! Get up! Now!"
Harry woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again.
"Up!" she screeched. Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and
then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his back
and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a good one.
There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny feeling he'd had the
same dream before.
His aunt was back outside the door.
"Are you up yet?" she demanded.
"Nearly," said Harry.
"Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don't you
dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday."
Harry groaned.
"What did you say?” his aunt snapped through the door.
"Nothing, nothing..."
Dudley's birthday - how could he have forgotten? Harry got slowly out
of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and, after
pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Harry was used to spiders, because
the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept.
When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table
was almost hidden beneath all Dudley's birthday presents. It looked as though
Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second
television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a
mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise unless of course
it involved punching somebody. Dudley's favorite punching bag was Harry, but
he couldn't often catch him. Harry didn't look it, but he was very fast.
Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry
had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and
skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes of
Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin
face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He wore round glasses
held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had
punched him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance
was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He
had had it as long as he could remember, and the first question he could ever
remember asking his Aunt Petunia was how he had gotten it.
"In the car crash when your parents died,” she had said. “And don't ask
questions."
Dursleys.
Don't ask questions that was the first rule for a quiet life with the
Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.
"Comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting.
About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper
and shouted that Harry needed a haircut. Harry must have had more haircuts than
the rest of the boys in his class put together, but it made no difference, his hair
simply grew that way all over the place.
Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his
mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not
much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on
his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel
Harry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig.
Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult as
there wasn't much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. His
face fell.
"Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father. "That's two
less than last year."
“Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here
under this big one from Mummy and Daddy."
"All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face. Harry,
who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon
as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.
Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly,
"And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's that,
popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right"
Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said
slowly, "So I'll have thirty...thirty..."
then."
"Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia.
"Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. “All right
Uncle Vernon chuckled.
"Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy,
Dudley!" He ruffled Dudley's hair.
At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it
while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video
camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. He
was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from
the telephone looking both angry and worried.
"Bad news, Vernon,” she said. “Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't
take him.” She jerked her head in Harry's direction.
Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Harry's heart gave a leap. Every
year on Dudley's birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to
adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every year, Harry was
left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. Harry
hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him
look at photographs of all the cats she'd ever owned.
"Now what?" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though
he'd planned this. Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken
her leg, but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year
before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.
"We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested.
"Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy."
The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn't there
or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't understand
them, like a slug.
"What about what's-her-name, your friend
_
Yvonne?"
